Add backlog of changelogs from QMK Firmware (#48)
qmk/qmk.fm_old: _posts/2019-04-11-port-direct-pins-from-split-common-matrix-to-matrix-c.md

---
layout: qmk-title
title: "Port DIRECT_PINS from split_common/matrix.c to matrix.c"
date: 2019-04-11 00:00:00 -0500
category: core
commit: 0137b02 
pr: 5091
---

> Adds support for Direct Pin connection keyboards (eg, no matrix, no diodes, just connected to the controller)

Reviewer: Grammar fixes.

```suggestion
Adds support for Direct Pin connection keyboards (e.g. no matrix, no diodes, just connected to the controller).
```
